---
layout: post
title:  "Cars"
date:   2025-09-01 18:25:48 +1200
tags: 
categories: vehicles
---

The first car I remember owning was a VW combi that I bought with my brother. I really liked it but it was never going to last. The joke was you only needed petrol every third time you topped it up with oil. When the motor was finally disassembled it was obvious it was never going back together. Everything was so worn that the pistons would just about fit sideways. It's a wonder it ever ran.

Then came 'William', Mike Thompson's black 1958 Morris Oxford. Baby Captain on the back seat in his carry bag, stopped to pick up a hitch-hiker on the way out to Massey the hitch-hiker SAT on him!!! 

Claire's Triumph 2000. Andrew replaced the frost plug in the block on the right hand side. It overheated on Sarah. Put a self tapping screw in the hole. 

Followed by a little yellow mini clubman. Great car but always going to be too small for Sarah, John, Captain, & Hazel. Dropped Andrew and Steve Thompson (Napier, Andrew's flatmate) up at Whakapapa. The throttlke cable came out of the carburettor and the poor little thing would only run at full revs. It had chains and it's little front wheels were going flat out. Road closed behind us and we all stayed in the Manawatu Tramping Hut. Sarah and I went skiing the next day - the weather was gorgeous. Dave MacDonald's wife was up there, having an affair with the Swiss? ski instructor.

Newish Ford Laser for working with Combined Insurance.

Toyota Corona.  

Shorty's little green Mitsuibishi Galant. 

1967 Holden Premier from Hinemoa Elder?

Toyota Jumbo Hiace from Kester Olivecrona in Feilding.

Ford Mondeo
