---
layout: post
title:  "Early days"
date:   2025-09-07 23:05:48 +1200
tags: 
categories: feilding
---

House in Feilding, doing the washing in the copper. I remember the new wringer washing machine. I got my arm caught in the wringer.

Cooking on the old coal range in the old kitchen.

In the new kitchen in Feilding, standing at the sink on a toy truck, rocking back and forwards, until the truck flew out and my chin split open on the edge of the bench.

Jean with her pushbike with the basket on the front. Going to the butchers, Sidnam's the green grocers, the fish mongers (Pivacs), Telford cycles, ?

Jack with his big single geared bike, doing the two miler and the six miler.

Me in the Morris Oxford, going off somewhere with Jack. Maybe it was to visit someone, maybe it was to church. But I wanted to go, then I didn't, then I did. He got too frustrated with me and dropped me back home. I had been the big boy, going off for an adventure with my father. I remember feeling so upset. (Maybe Jean was just trying to get rid of me for the day???)

Jean burnt my army trousers!

Digging holes in the front garden. Just like on The Castle.

Having a bath, getting into our pyjamas and dressing gowns and being allowed to walk over the road to Symonds to watch TV for half an hour or so.

One of the only times I can remember being hit. Jean, so frustrated or annoyed, hit me on the bottom with her spatula. I was in the front hallway in Feilding. I almost never forgave her for that. I remember it came as a real shock.

Jean, with a stick, walking behind me as I walked to school, threatening to hit me if I tried to go back home.

Saving an easter egg in my desk for a whole year.

Dropping Robin Mary on her head in the lounge when she was a baby. Annette was beside herself. We weren't allowed near her baby after that, not unless whe was also there.

Hiding behind the couch and pulling  Annette's undeveloped film out of the cannister. She was really upset and I couldn't understand why we couldn't just rewind it back in.

Cycling round to Aunty Leah's to work in the garden.

Buying the red Ford Cortina station wagon from (old Feilding Central Garage) Coffey Ford on corner of Kimbolton Road and Stafford Street. I remember being sworn to secrecy. Jean was upset that she wasn't involved in the decision. We also used to go to Wallis Knight Ltd. Garage on corner of Warwick Street and Kimbolton Road. I'm sure that Jack knew the people who owned it or who worked there.